
Print - Close Window
Subject:	 Confirmation of your order
From:	 Ocado customer services (customerservices@ocado.com)
To:	 justinecourty@yahoo.fr;
Date:	 Sunday, 22 September 2013, 23:46


Dear Ms Courty,

Thank you for using Ocado to do your shopping.

Order Details
Delivery address	Latymer Court, Hammersmith Road, London, United Kingdom, W6 7JE.
Delivery time	7:30pm - 8:30pm
Delivery date	Monday 23 September
Order reference	3453272663
Sub total (estimated)	£149.76
Picking, Packing and Delivery	£0.00
Voucher Saving	£0.00
Total (estimated)	£139.76
The total cost is estimated because some of the items you might have ordered, such as meat and cheese, are sold by weight. The exact cost will be shown on your receipt when your order is delivered. This cost includes the delivery charge if any.
You can also view your order and its status online.



Can we have our bags back?
We believe we were the first UK grocery retailer to invest in closed-loop grocery bag recycling. Return your bags - and even those from other shops and supermarkets - to our delivery drivers and we'll recycle them into shiny new ones. Find out more at ocado.com/theocadoway
Products you've ordered
Cupboard

1 Toilet Tissue £8.50
1 Chocolate £4.99
1 Bananas £5.99
Changing your order

If you want to change any items on your order or change the delivery, simply go to www.ocado.com and the Orders page; from here, click on the order reference number and make the appropriate changes.

The last time you can change this order is: 01:10 on Monday, 23rd September 2013




Your complete satisfaction

We want to make sure that you are completely satisfied with your Ocado delivery; if for any reason you are not, then please advise the Customer Services Team Member at the door and they will ensure that any issues are resolved for you.

If there are any questions you'd like to ask, either about your order or any aspect of the Ocado service, please call us on 0845 656 1234 , or email us at ocado@ocado.com. We are open seven days a week.

Ocado may contact you to check everything was OK with your order. These calls may be recorded for training and monitoring purposes.

ICalendar email attachments
Order confirmation emails have an ICalendar event file attached to help you remember the delivery details of your order. You can use these files with compatible calendaring software such as: Apple iCal, Google Calendar, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Exchange, Windows Calendar, Mozilla Sunbird and later versions of Microsoft Outlook. If you do not wish to receive these attachments you can set this option in the Details & Settings section of the website.

Thank you for shopping with Ocado.

Yours sincerely,

Ocado Customer Service Team